Remove reference to IE (#24772)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/window/setimmediate/index.md

updates.

> **Note:** This method is not expected to become standard, and is only implemented

> > by recent builds of Internet Explorer. It meets resistance both from

Author: ```suggestion
> by Node.js. It meets resistance both from
```
